No sir you must be mistaken Mr. Brown you are terribly confused this guy's on
nobody exactly Mr. Brown this man can barely scrape together $10 sir he doesn't
deserve your respect he's nothing but a loser you have no idea how truly
important mr. Edwards truly is I'm terribly sorry sir I had no idea if they
would disrespect you like this I'll have them removed immediately mr. friend you
are terribly mistaken okay you guys are all a bunch of idiot because sooner or
later you're gonna be on your hands and knees asking for forgiveness from me shut
I feel like who do you think you are I nobody or somebody that can fire you
just take every single thing that you own you think you can fire up you're
nobody mr. Brown's is terribly mistaken I don't know who the fuck you think you
are idiot you have no idea that Scott you're talking about is a president of
work group